Next is our most important phase.
Heavy duty.
Everybody, please.
Rest assured.
From today, double your pay.
It's not just that.
There are additional bonuses after completing the project.
Dividend for each project
Don't worry.
Our Hengtai Group will definitely not abuse every project.
We will definitely complete the project on time.
That's right, why is the general manager waiting for our good news, not Jiang Bay?
There's a word here.
Let's get together.
There's a problem, if we do this.
Waste products
A pile of shit.
Injustice does not speak.
You have to talk properly.
A little broken arm.
What am I raising you for?
50% marry me.
Just come here.
If it can't be completed by the deadline, stop.
You guys have one thing.
Get out!
What's going on?
This is not like my previous scene.
Why did Imuko turn out like this?
brother
There are no outsiders here.
You can use everyday life.
The New Moon
Don't you all call people Moon Moon on the Internet?
Oh.
I'm just not used to it.
Not familiar.
Is that right?
Mr. Sakura, you.
Is it really a process?